1. In the below elements which of them are values or an expression? 
    eg:- values can be integer or string and expressions will be mathematical operators.

ANSWER:
    VALUES:
        'hello'
        -87.8
        6

    EXPRESSIONS:
        *
        &
        -
        /
        +

2. What is the difference between string and variable?

ANSWER:
    String:
        String may contain numbers, letters and other characters, but it is always written using double/single inverted commas (" ") or (' ').
    Variable:
        Variable contains numbers and these are represented without double/sngle inverted commas (" ") or (' ').
    
3. Describe three different data types.

ANSWER:
    1. Numeric -> Contains int, float
    2. String  -> Contains str()
    3. Boolean -> Contins True and False
    
4. What is an expression made up of? What do all expressions do?

ANSWER:
    An expression is a construct made up of variables, operators, and method invocations, which are constructed according to the syntax of the language, that evaluates to a single value.
    
5. This assignment statements, like spam = 10. What is the difference between an expression and a statement?

ANSWER:
    An expression evaluates to a value. A statement does something. Statements represent an action or command.
    
6. After running the following code, what does the variable bacon contain?
bacon = 22
bacon + 1

ANSWER:
    22
    
7. What should the values of the following two terms be?
'spam' + 'spamspam'
'spam' *3

ANSWER:
    'spamspamspam'
    'spamspamspam'
    
8. Why is eggs a valid variable name while 100 is invalid?

ANSWER:
    Variable name must contain atleast one alphabet.
    
9. What three functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string version of a value?

ANSWER:
    The int(), float(), and str() functions will evaluate to the integer, floating-point number, and string versions of the value passed to them.
    
10. Why does this expression cause an error? How can you fix it?
'I have eaten' + 99 + 'burritos'

ANSWER:
    Python code can only concatenate str (not "int") to str
    So, expression should be changed as below to resolve the error;
    'I have eaten' + '99' + 'burritos'
    
    
